Our guys work in this lecture, we're going to talk about collapse.
But before then, please note everything that flutter is referred to as a widget.
So we can call this the scaffold widget, the center widget and the test widget.
Now, what we're going to be doing in this lecture is we're going to have two books.
Those two books are going to be displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
So what we can do is we can get rid of this sensor widget in order to display widget vertically.
We're going to be using the widget called column.
Column.
The column, widgets can take multiple widgets.
So it has this property called children.
And the first child is going to be a container.
And we can give this container a color.
We can say colors dot.
That red.
Okay.
And as well, this container has a property known as weeds.
For the weeds, we can say it's going to be on red pad as well.
The container has a property known as hides.
The weeds has to do with how wide the container is going to be.
The height has to do with how long the content is going to be.
And for the height we can say 50 now is control and save and go check it out.
You're going to see the via OC.
So we can as well have another container.
Consider.
Okay.
And as you know, the container has a property known as weeds.
We can as well say it's going to be all red and hides of 50.
And we can say color is going to be colors that proper.
These come true.
And as.
You can see it over here.
You can see both containers are being displayed vertically.
Now, what we can do is this color widget has a property known as made assets elements.
So we can say main as this element.
Main assist element the center.
So this going to take this to contain.
To the sensor, you can see.
Okay.
We can also have another widgets, which is going to be a test widget.
And this is just going to say landing page, had you truly come out in order to have a very good format
and use control and say.
You can see below.
Okay.
You can see we have three main widgets at this three minute widgets are being displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
We can as well wrap this column with the padding.
So come true and not.
Okay.
Contour and dot wrap with padding.
So for all sides, we can set them.
So this is going to give padding to the right, left, bottom and sort like you're going to see.
Okay, great.
Now as well, what we can do is we can have some space between each between each widget.
So over this container we can have something known as sized box sized box.
And we are given the space vertically.
Right.
So this is going to be eight height of ten hydrogen to cover.
As well.
You can simply copy this and then paste this controller and then save.
And you're going to see the space.
Okay, great.
Okay, guys, see you.